like a business woman right now actually
it's a bit of a different vibe isn't it
so we are doing another
costa drive with me
q a kind of thing strumming through here
now i'm fancying a gingerbread
cappuccino this time around i think
oh someone else always opened the back
window
please could i get a sugar-free
gingerbread cappuccino hey vegan sorry
um could i get a sugar-free gingerbread
cappuccino please
the media cappuccino with the coconut
and the sugar from caramel
sugar-free gingerbread gingerbread curry
yeah yeah
yeah that's a reason thanks can someone
please tell me why every single time
i film one of these whenever it comes to
taking my order it's just really a few
malfunctions
thank you we've got some surprise
whipped cream on top i wonder if this is
the right order actually
i actually have no clue no idea what
this
is i don't think this has got coffee in
it but it doesn't even taste like hot
chocolate
hello my loves welcome to another
cozy christmas vlog
mess what must i do like that vlogmas
video
two so in this one i just thought we
could do like another i'm going to take
my seatbelt off because the park took
why they still got this one but yeah so
in today's video i thought i would do
like a q a come drive with me kind of
video you know
i had some lovely comments on the last
one i did a few weeks back so i thought
why not do another i asked over on my
instagram a couple days ago
just for some questions and i answered
some on my stories over on my instagram
if you don't follow me over there i'll
pop
my ig somewhere on the screen this might
be a bit tmi
i've just come back from having a full
body
laser session that was probably my
fourth uh
like laser session i'd say and my god
like i think i got a bit cocky last time
i went was talking to a friend about it
i said no it's not even really
painful you can't feel it so much and
today my goodness
me i could feel every single zapper
thing that went down
especially downstairs like it was so
sensitive and i think because it's my
time of the month like i think i'm even
more sort of sensitive on the topic of
that as well like
i've cried twice this week like just
kind of out of nowhere
it was yesterday middle of the day i
just
started crying out of nowhere just felt
really overwhelmed and when i came
came on today i was like ah that makes
sense now it all makes sense
let's just get straight into it first
question can you tell us how you count
your calories
i use my fitness pal that's the only app
i've used to be honest so i
count my calories macros by using a
scale and i weigh out
like my ingredients and it also has a
like barcode scanner on myfitnesspal
i'll pop it on the screen actually
so it has like a barcode scanner so you
can just either scan something
in or type and you can see your
percentages
in terms of like protein carbs fats and
whatnot you can set them and like tailor
them
to yourself i don't use the app to
actually calculate my macros i do that
completely separately and like
myself best tips for creating lean
muscle please i've lost the weight and
now want to get
lean in order to put on any sort of
muscle you need to do in some form of
resistance training i would always
advise to do some form of like weight
resistance strength training at
increasing your overload like over a
period of time in order to gain muscle
mass but
to actually gain any sort of muscle you
need to make sure you're in a calorie
surplus
even if it's just a slight calorie
surplus to begin with and to ease
yourself into things because obviously
your body can't grow muscle if it isn't
being fueled with enough energy what do
you think about pilates
how do you say pilates and yoga as
effective workouts also lovely videos oh
thank you very much
i haven't actually ever tried pilates
personally i
love yoga and i love how like there's so
many different types of yoga
there's some that's much more strenuous
i think i did some form of like hot yoga
is that the name of it there might be
another name for it but maybe two years
ago i did like this hot yoga session and
i honestly thought i was about to pass
out like i remember it was in toronto
i went with one of my friends who i
didn't know that well at the time and
looking back like
i was i kept looking at her like
thinking how is she still doing like
because
it was it was an hour and 20 minutes or
something and it was like an hour and 20
minutes of hell i i did enjoy it but
like it was so intense because
it got so hot it was my first ever time
we were doing all these like
poses and i think i was probably like
the least sort of flexible person in the
room
i really felt that i kept looking over
to my friend and was just thinking like
how's she still doing this or like
she wasn't really sweating i did like a
yin yang yoga it's called which was an
hour and a half of just literally laying
on a mat
some slight different movement i don't
think i do that that one again
i think i fell asleep a few times so
many different levels as well like
anything so yeah i really think yoga is
an amazing way of exercise like
any form of exercise that you enjoy
there's no set or like right way to do
things
at all watch your workout split p.s love
you
you motivate me every day thank you so
much i say this a lot but honestly i
just
i really am so grateful for you every
single person that is watching this
video right now
has ever left a like or a comment i
really
really appreciate it today was the first
day back
in the gym and boy i was just running
off like pure
sorry i'm messing about my hair pure
endorphins oh it just reminded me and
put
things into perspective like about how
the gym just like
makes me feel my workout split whilst we
were already like in lockdown training
from home was i was doing a lot of
sets and it was mainly that high volume
with light weight which i didn't really
enjoy
i just wasn't really feeling that great
doing that style of training
now i'm going back to my normal style of
training i'm going to have
much more focus on my lower body at the
moment i feel like my upper body
it always has been an area that develops
really quickly like
in comparison to my lower body like my
glutes have always been quite
sleepy and i've got to do a lot of like
activation maybe someone else can
relate to that my focus at the moment is
like getting my strength back today i
did some back squats and
it felt quite heavy today so yeah i just
want to get some strength back because
obviously the gyms have been like
constantly like opening shutting
and i just haven't felt like i've been
able to be consistent like with my
increasing my strength and lifts and
stuff like that in terms of my workout
split i'm going
to be training like lower body two to
three times
a week in the past it's been twice but
i'm going to try and see how my body
responds to training legs
three times obviously across the like
space of a
week and then i always always train
upper body so
i focus on uh like back and shoulders
i've recently started
like some bicep workouts for the first
time i've never really isolated my
biceps before
and i do like how that sort of like ties
things in
but i'm not going like that heavy like
as i say personally i just feel like my
upper body is very
reactive but at the same time if you're
someone who neglects training
you're upper body because you feel like
you're going to get big and bulky which
is still
quite a common misconception i would
that is the completely
last thing that would occur like within
your body like
to me i feel like training my body has
created such a better overall shape
if you avoid training like your upper
body you can cause yourself injury
because you've got an imbalance
in strength and stuff and you're only
going to be able to get to a certain
point like with
your lower body like compound movements
such as like a deadlift or something
that is like a full body movement so if
you think like
you're neglecting your upper body you're
gonna sort of limit your lower body
growth as well
so i would really like to take that into
consideration if you are someone
who like me in the past has neglected my
upper body and the only way you're ever
going to get like
bigger and bulky is if you're in a
massive surplus answer that question
basically i'm training lower body three
times a week on
two of those days i like to isolate my
glutes and hamstrings and then like more
sort of like quad
day quad day focus with a leg day focus
and then sort of just like an
overall leg day and then like i said i
will do like
shoulders and back and biceps i do some
chest work
next one is how to lose belly fat so
you can't obviously spot reduce fat you
need to be in a calorie deficit and
expending more energy than you are
consuming
in order to lose like overall weight oh
my god wait
my car just like rolled back a little
bit and in order to
lose like overall weight and genetically
we all carry fat
more so in different places and doing
some form of
resistance training like anywhere like
three
to five times a week maybe um and eating
lots of like wholesome whole foods
also find like what your body works well
with in terms of your nutrition like i
know we all have different sort of
foods that agree more so that if i have
a lot of like processed foods like i
feel like i get
super bloated and feel quite stodgy and
things like that so
i think find your kind of like triggers
if there are any and
limit those or have more of things that
make you feel good and make sure you're
consuming like your vegetables and
just having like a more like nutritious
kind of way
by no means like restrictive top three
biggest things that helped you level
up your bod strength and aesthetic
okay so my number one that just like
comes straight to mind straight away is
focusing on my actual performance rather
than always looking in the mirror at
like my aesthetic
i honestly for years like i was
constantly sort of looking in the mirror
and just
when i first started out i just trained
lower body and i never sort of felt like
i was making the results because i
wasn't i didn't have my like clear sort
of structured goals and i was just so
focused on like one week
i'd want a massive beauty the next week
i wanted
abs whereas when i actually found like i
made good progression
and first ever got abs in my entire life
was when i was more focused on
performance goals and that way you
actually work into something i've said
this before but
um aesthetic goals like only keep you
motivated
or um just like
raring to go for so long as a female we
have so many blooming
hormones like our time of the month and
stuff i just don't think you can be
you can solely go off aesthetic
motivation but i'm not saying by any
means like of course like aesthetic
goals
are absolutely valid and of course
do come into uh like motivations to flex
that i just don't think
ideally i wouldn't rely on that so for
goals like being able to do
uh unassisted pull-ups for so many reps
and stuff like that and i think they're
so
motivating and very like empowering and
just
make you feel like a strong ass woman
second biggest thing would without a
doubt be make sure you're fueling
your body like before i ever tracked any
of my macros or cut calories i think i
used to under eat quite a lot just not
eating
enough of like the right foods which was
really difficult to gain like proper
muscle mass and at the same time when i
did like when i tried to do my first cut
which
wasn't very successful like didn't
really go that well i really struggled
because
my body was probably used to consuming
and like fueling itself on
fewer calories um for a long period of
time so yeah definitely make sure you're
fueling your body with like good
nutritious
foods my third tip would definitely be
to also like plan out your workouts and
have something to be accountable to so
use maybe an app to track your workouts
and even a notepad or something i think
an app's really good
and just have your workouts pre-planned
so that you you can see
actual progression on paper and each
week you go into your session knowing
like
your plan of action what gets measured
gets managed that's one of like the
phones i feel like i try and live to
and but just do things like step by step
don't jump don't put yourself straight
in the deep end do you eat breakfast
before or after a workout
i generally train faster in the morning
unless
it's a massive leg day i've got planned
and i say
it just depends how i feel when i wake
up like i do listen to my body
but most of time i just feel like i
perform better
training fasted it's personal preference
i do have like a pre-workout or like a
coffee like a black coffee before
uh most of my workouts sometimes on a
leg day if i just wake up feeling a
little bit kind of flat
i'll make sure i fuel myself um with
breakfast and i do things where are your
coconut balls from and do you have a
link i got them from amazon i will leave
them in the description bar down below
when your fitness journey
started and when you made the big change
um i feel like my fitness journey
started so i've mentioned this
i'll leave my like fitness journey video
in the description if you haven't seen
that i feel like
that's quite a useful video but i think
um i was really active like as
a tea net team as a young like child
going into like teenage
going into a teenager i used to horse
ride and stuff which was like a really
not intense hobby time-consuming hobby i
would say
so i spent like most my evenings after
school i was always like up at the
stables like and i was constantly like
mucking out or riding or like helping
one of my friends or whatever so i was
just always moving
and that's probably when i first noticed
like the biggest transition in my body
like i lost a lot of like i don't know
it's poppy fat or something you know
like
when you're younger in europe but i
think that was like a mixture of like me
being much more active
and also puberty when i went to uni i
started like dipping in and out of
the gym biggest time i saw a change was
this year 2020 and when i did like my
first
sort of like successful cut and where i
really felt like
i'd grasped my body finally or like i
finally sussed out
what works for me with my training and
nutrition which is that's the thing that
slowed down my progress in the past was
just like
being restrictive and then having like a
bit of a blowout
just not having it as like part of my
lifestyle whereas now i live such a
balanced
lifestyle in every way and i feel so
much better that way and have you got
any
book recommendations um yes i have got a
lot of book recommendations already on
top of my head
like that are the most sort of impact
for our rich dad poor dad
but it's such a must read if you haven't
read that one the daily stoic
they're just like some that i can roast
off my head but so many
um i'd love to talk about like some of
the books i've read and like how much
they've changed my life also the secret
i think even if you're not really into
that kind of thing i do think that is
worth a read
youtube's do you love to watch so at the
moment i really like
chunks and mason always watch like their
content and
they literally have me like in tears
laughing i quite like a lot of like
light-hearted content i try not to watch
any
similar youtube youtubes the youtube try
not to watch
um too many youtubers that are like
similar to my
niche or like fitness so much just
because i never want to
like kind of like imitate their content
and i feel like when i just want to be
like my authentic
self like when i'm just in my own lane
and like just
authentic to myself everything just
flows a lot better so i try not to watch
too many youtubers similar to me not
that that actually helps
me answer this question but next
question how do you prepare yourself for
the holidays and dealing with
food guilt um so like i like i say i
don't understand like a broken record
like saying how
fitness is part of my lifestyle and i
never really feel the need to like
whatever so i live very restricted like
anyone who like
spent time with me or like lived with me
closely will see like
there's such a misconception i feel like
in the fitness industry on a whole where
like
people can maybe assume sometimes that
like if you're into fitness like and
just
not just in the industry but anyone
that's into fitness or the gym like
i went to my cousin's house and a few
months back and i remember
my uncle saying oh olivia i was
stressing about my food shop this week
so i didn't know
um like if you'd eat the same as like
what we used to a few years ago like
they're making dinner
one night or something like that and i
was just like oh my god no like i still
eat the same
if i'm ever if i ever go to a family
occasion
or whatever i'm not gonna like take my
meal prep with me unless i'm prepping
for like a photo
shoot or an event or some like or
something in particular i don't restrict
anything because
yeah that's just how i like to go about
it like everyone's completely different
but my approach i just like to be
quite balanced and with for food guilt
like
christmas time it's just like it's just
eating time isn't it i absolutely love
it so
i say just like let yourself free in
that sense like with actual
food guilt i would just say don't
restrict like
food groups or certain things from your
diet completely and just have some like
moderation in there
it doesn't need to be like a stressful
time don't make it stressful like this
time like christmas comes around
once a year and spending time with like
certain families
it might be a rarity and like this year
specifically
like girl we have gone through so much
haven't we like all of us
have just gone through so much um i just
think don't add any more pressure
and the next one is would you ever
compete in a bikini competition
i don't know much about like the
different federations because there's so
many different
types there's one that's like a bit i
think it's wbff
that's probably a federation i would
like to look into maybe in the future
but i never say inevitable anything are
you happy
how do you see yourself in five years oh
that is a lovely question so i
am genuinely happy i think that's
like my priority in life like i just
want to be happy that's
the main thing i feel like that anything
that sort of makes you unhappy
life's just too short isn't it like to
live an unhappy life
sometimes i feel very overwhelmed like i
absolutely love what i do
as my career and i love the choices i'm
making stuff and i
don't get wrong i don't feel like i have
not happy all the time like yesterday i
was crying
but if there's anything that makes me
unhappy i change that
something that has helped with my
overall just head space and happiness is
meditating i talk about this so much um
but it is genuinely the thing that has
like made the most
impact like my mental health and it just
helps me
daily to be more like grounded and just
grateful for
just my health my happiness like we all
can sometimes take our health for
granted like
i'm so grateful to have like all my
limbs in this car right now
goal so i've got my goals but i haven't
put it into like year by year
i'm really happy about the goals i've
achieved this year when we're friends on
holiday what do you do to work out when
there's no gym
so i like to take all my friends on a
walk like everyone enjoys like a walk or
i think so anyway
um or maybe my friends are just leading
me on
i just like having to catch up walking
and seeing some like pretty places
especially if
you're on holiday or something so if you
think you've got an upcoming holiday or
next year or whatever yeah just go in a
few walks like that's a good way to keep
active
are you going to college so i actually
went to university and i graduated
last summer like that has gone so quick
i'm going to wrap that up
here and i hope you're doing well let me
know how you are getting on in the
comments down below
and also if you're one of like the
people whose business
has been able to reopen in the uk this
week like i hope it all goes well
and yeah just to let you know you have
got this and we're all gonna have
a good christmas no matter what okay
even if we're on lockdown again
we're gonna have a good christmas if you
haven't already i'd love to stick around
by
subscribing to my channel and i'll see
you guys in the next
video